Dear Alessandro and Filip,

@Alessandro Biondi
In this e-mail you mentioned to wait for drafting the application before contacting people.

However, the IOF intake conversation is currently being considered around mid-to-late June instead of late July, as Nancy let me know several people are on holidays during July.

Therefore, depending on the progress, there may not be enough time to have these conversations and prepare the intake conversation. Could it be considered to proceed with an NDA without waiting for the application?

@Filip Louagie (since Alessandro mentioned this topic is more relevant for you)
Concretely, I would like to meet or have e-mail correspondence with
Ericsson EMF Research team: Christer Törnevik and Davide Colombi
Nokia EMF Research team: Christophe Grangeat
Télecom Paris (leading academic group): Shanshan Wang and Joe Wiart CC'ed
CNR-IEIIT Milan (leading academic group): Marta Parazzini
Nagoya Institute of Technology (leading academic group): Akimasa Hirata, ICNIRP chair and co-chair of SC6 standards working group
IEC TC106 standard: Teruo Onishi, chair
Verkotan representatives (testlab for near-field measurements)
I anticipate that some will not respond since it's a favor being asked.

The content of the first e-mail would be along these lines:
I have developed a new method that improves the efficiency of exposure simulations.
For this, I would like to start a spin-off after my PhD based on this method.
To prove its viability, I am interested in learning which problems you face most often in numerical dosimetry, and how we can help solving them
I have created a proof-of-concept piece of software which I can demonstrate if you'd have the time for a short meeting.
In a follow-up e-mail:
No response: "If you are too busy for a meeting, I would really appreciate it if you fill in the following Google Form questionnaire."
Response: "Thank you. Since the method is patent-pending, the IP department at our university will contact you to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA)"
During the meeting, I would
Ask permission to either
Record and quote phrases in my IOF submission,
or sign a Letter of Support/Letter of Intent.
The emphasis is on learning what the client wants, not pitching what we have.
Not divulge anything related to the methodology (physics, formulas, insights mentioned in the IDF) but only the results (speed of the exposure evaluation, possible applications). The only exception is that it is differentiable and well-validated.

@Alessandro, if you'd like me to be more precise about exactly what to say and not say, you can let me know.

Kind regards,
Robin
