these are copy pastes from the pdf directly, as they appear
first bit is whats written then my comment


idk.

and they provide no gradients for design. 

and they provide no gradient for the optimization applications.

0.

abstract: write GPU directly there

1.

the surface-averaged absorbed power density (Absorbed
Power Density (APD)) above 6 GHz.

yeah, there is issue there

2.

 at ten cells per in-tissue wavelength

 no in-tissue

3.

The
local law then integrates over a nonconvex body through
a generalized Cauchy formula [11], with..

The local law is the integrated over a nonconvex body based on a generalized Cauchy identity from 1841 [41] and ...

4.

 to within the tissue
dielectric uncertainty

add: of 7%
right after

5. 

Section II derives the local absorption law at a visible
surface point. Section III reduces it to a near-constant scalar
through pseudo-Brewster compensation. Then Section IV
integrates the local law over the whole body. Section V
validates the theory four ways. 

These actually form a triplet, the methods. 

Section x, y, z comprise the methods of this paper. Respectively, they [list what u already wrote here].

6. 

Section V
validates the theory four ways. 

dont forget corrections too here

7.

Section VII discusses the regime of
validity,

Section VII discusses some consequences and the regime of
validity, while Section VIII concludes.

8. 

on first appearance of []_+ AFAIK I dont think that notation is explained mathematically, and physically I dont see the explanation either? 
LMK if im wrong tho. But if im not, do so nice and clearly, KISS, on first proper occurence.

9.

As shown in the flowchart (Fig. 1)

As described in the flowchart of Fig. 1

Can be done throughout btw.

10. 

has not appeared in the
optics or bioelectromagnetics literature

in the antenna propagation or bioelectromagnetics literature

also there: " literature, where prior work" --> literature; prior work
(yes we accept the ;)

11. 

Figure 3b shows the APD APD/IPD = 

wtf went wrong here

12. 

Below 30◦ the agreement is at the fourth
significant figure.

Below 30◦ the agreement is exact within four significant figures.
thats better grammar isnt it? 

Btw, Im suspicious it's this good, can u verify the claim.

13. 

Above 6 GHz, the relevant outermost tissues are
skin, subcutaneous fat, and vitreous humor.

correct me if im wrong but can subcutaneous fat be relevant here? genuine question. or what would you do. afaik humans dont have fat exposed right

14. 
 
equation 9 (geom abs law): swap position of V and []_+, that's it

15. 

the medial thighs, the inside of the
wrists, and the underside of the chin

the first one is good but the second one I have doubts... why not that area like near the armpits on the arm or side-chest idk how to call it. 
underside of chin: idk if we can have a better description? like we're talking about the tissue actually "hanging" from the head joining to the neck idk how ppl call this
lets discuss
 

16. 

Paragraph discrete multi-source form

the vector s should be IPD. its elements shouldnt be S_1,... it should be IPD_1,... and make sure you mimick the formatting of bold, mathrm kinda like APD (never italicized). 

17.

The medial sides of the legs and arms, the
armpits, the underside of the chin, and the soles of the feet
are the dominant such regions.

soldes of the feet?? imo thats like one of the best ones no.. 
maybe the back of the ears or something

18. 

On a 104–105 triangle mesh,
the solver evaluates η in tens of milliseconds on commodity
hardware.

Remove this sentence and replace with a KISS clearn short sentence that it can be pre-computed.
btw tell me in the chat here: isnt this a shader? im a total noob on that concept, explain me. worth to mention or? 

19. 

The classical Cauchy formula

The classical Cauchy formula from 1841 [cite]

20.

, so the hull
bound is within a few percent of the true absorbed power.

Remove

21. 

where the body-Mie contribution 

the emph'ed definition follows later in the paper: what should we do about this? 


22. 

and close with a single error budget that
propagates the dielectric uncertainty.

and close with an error budget bounded by the dielectric uncertainty.

23. 

 here generalizes to larger adults.

 here generalizes favorably to larger adults.

24.

below to the Fresnel limit Rsphere

question: should we be adding this sphere subscript? isnt it already like known to be the sphere ratio or not? or should we write R_sphere earlier? 
if so, check for all places of this in the paper and SI and figures even! 


25. 

Fig 6 b (across freq fig): the mmWave band shaded region should go 24-100 GHz. the mmWave label should remain same place btw.


26. 

This section validates the theor

This subsection validates the theor

27. 

The incident plane wave comes from abovee, with skin
properties at 28 GHz.

The incident plane wave impinges from above. The computation is done at 28~GHz.

28.

FDTD voxel discretization and convergence error yield about ±10%

29.

v3_to_coauthors/Screenshot 2026-05-23 224949.png

take a look. it is fig 4.9 from [8] referred there. apparantly the plateau is important and this somehow ends up showing in our figure.

i dont understand it: can you explain the reasoning here? dont edit yet

and in the end the points seem a bit for us.. look at the script that generates the fig to tell me what those zhang 2017 values are

the thesis is in /home/user/aegis/papers/key_literature/zhang.pdf but be careful cuz the pdf is massive. nevertheless, you may convert some pages carefully to png if you need. 

for this task, dispatch an agent that is well instructed.

30. 

The kernel labels in 

The labels in 

31. 

he convex-hull energy bound
⟨Pabs⟩ ≤ IPD ACH/4 brackets the true absorbed power
within ACH/A ≈1.20 on Thelonious.

this sentence seems misplaced, where would you put it? or how can we argue for keeping it (you may if you want)? 


32. 

In general, it seems our conclusion is only about speed, and we didnt discuss validation at all? can you surface all rules in the corpus about how to write a good conclusion? lets discuss this point




