Meeting notes - Ericsson

We do think about the body
but 95% of time it is spherical far field formula validation p95 in house method
but 5% of time we do do basic restrictions, mostly SAR
you put your device and you measure,, [idk what exactly the name of it, it sounded like '3D quote' or something it was from SPEAG, some type of product or something. I think it has the letter c in it]
small research now and then human body
we move more and more from measurements from simulations
we have some FR3 testbeds and anticipate FR3 to be important in the future yes

we do do human body but just flat phantom
box shaped assessment or also iso assessment (although less, tougher)
it would be great to have instantenous there


power back-off
we've been looking in human detection with power-backoff

we do do MCF (Monitoring & control features), purely software
what is the power in different segments, if above threshold, we kick-off power back-off

for full-wave we use CST and Feko, and sometimes HFSS
also for bodies
for CD we use reference levels in-house tool
we do have IXUS

half of the team is here in the call for EMF, we are 6 or 7
and mainly 1-2 ppl doing full body simulations

FR3 is definitely one topic on the table

the basic methods dont change
the workflow, the automations are on their agenda. without lifting a finger, they wanna compute IPD in realistic digital twins

we did impact of precoding on emf a long time ago, with sergei, from our group, compare MRT and ZF.

>i bring up the stadium, dont ya wanna repeat that easily.
hmh yeah but stadium was done on traces, network level calculation 

It would have been really useful to have your tool, back when we did simulations of an occupational worker standing behind an antenna and we computed its SAR.

if you do already the IPD, you need X data, but APD is AS FAST and needs SAME data, then yeah. for emf visual or ixus. like a drop-in replacement.
in theory, that would be nice to have your tool yeah
those guys: its so political cuz the operators are like, oh it works, dont change it, we're happy lol. 

it has to be in standard, that's always most important for business-side ya know, and regulators.

jens clearly had this annoyance in his daily life that there are 1239871238781923 modules and teams at ericsson working on 1293871982731 different mini-parts of the company. the emf team is 6-7 ppl, but there are a multitude of teams.
that collab between nvidia (sionna) and ericsson? different team, the RT guys, lol.

there is this standard 63195, where stanislav was part of it and his reaction was: go there instead of base stations cuz we just work with compliance distance and thats it.
-2: that is IPD simulations
-3 and -4: APD simulations
not published yet, 1 TR is there
and he thinks that a MoM and ML-FMM, he thinks it's useful


Jens: if you can reduce the compliance boundary ONLY because you added the human body, THAT would be a GREAT story

in the end: invitation for after the same a whole day with the whole team go show off the demo properly and big

stanislav definitely said many times it looks cool and promising, but obviously 'cool' doesnt buy us much i guess
there was interest in the eyes in some way when they see demo and the invitation is to do it properly now after summer if patent and whatnot allows
